Daming, I want to enter the photo competition this year.
Really? Excellent. Let me have a look at your photo.
Here it is. I took it at a concert last week.
I think I've seen those people before, but I can't quite remember where.
Who are they?
They're the Blues boys. They're the ones who played at the school dance.
Oh, that's right. I remember now.
The boy on the right is the guitar player.
The boy in the centre is the singer, and the boy at the back is the drummer.
It's a nice photo, Lingling, but I don't think that it's good enough to win the competition.
I saw the photos in last year's competition.
Some were really good.
Well, we'll see. I'm still going to enter the competition.